---
layout: bio

categories: members
tags: post # here write either ug,grad,post,faculty  ug is undergraduate, grad self explanatory, post is for post docs and visiting professors

author:
  name:   Yang Zhen
  role: Data Scientist
  image: /images/avatars/zheng.png
  #gplus: 101348383208228664859 # Optional
  #linkedin: ahmet-cecen/19/3b4/169/en # Optional
  #github: ahafeez7 # Optional
  #url: http://ahafeez7.github.io/ # Optional
---

Zhen Yang is a Visiting Scholar in MINED Research group at Georgia Tech. She is an Associate Professor
in East China University of Science and Technology. 

**Research Interests**

Principal research interests are in the areas of modeling and simulation of materials especially in researching mechanical properties and performance of advanced materials and the relation to their microstructures. Of special interest is the development of mathematical tools and software for simulating the mechanical properties and performance of material systems and estimating parameters in materials models. Mathematical tools I have used are including of molecular dynamic simulation, support vector machine, pattern recognition and other artificial theories.
Principal research interests are in the areas of modeling and simulation of materials especially in researching mechanical properties and performance of advanced materials and the relation to their microstructures. Of special interest is the development of mathematical tools and software for simulating the mechanical properties and performance of material systems and estimating parameters in materials models. Mathematical tools I have used are including of molecular dynamic simulation, support vector machine, pattern recognition and other artificial theories.

**Education and Experience**

* Sep.1991-Jul. 1995:  Taiyuan University of Science and Technology
                      B.E. in Control Engineering
* Sep.2000-Jan.2003:  China University of Mining and Technology (Beijing)
                     M.E. in Chemical Engineering
* Mar.2005-Mar.2009:  East China University of Science and Technology
 Ph. D in Control Engineering
* Dec.2003- To date:   East China University of Science and Technology
State Key Laboratory of Chemical Engineering    
